content/Tutorial/Rebuild-TLPF/_index.md, before:

---
title: 📊 Course 1- Data Science and Generative AI
linkTitle: Data Science
summary: "ChatGPT has ushered in a new world. We will use these tools to make Kapenguria a center of Kenyan innovation"
date: '2021-01-24'
type: book
toc: true
---

{{< figure src="featured.jpg" >}}

{{< toc hide_on="xl" >}}

## What you will learn
- How to use GPT-4, ChatGPT, and the new large language models to recreate education and engineering
- How the old curriculum for IT and computing is completely out of date; how you can use GPT-4 to program for you
- Fundamental {{<hl>}}Python programming skills{{</hl>}}
- {{<hl>}}Statistical concepts{{</hl>}} and how to apply them in practice
- Gain experience with the {{<hl>}}Scikit{{</hl>}}, including data visualization with {{<hl>}}Plotly{{</hl>}} and data wrangling with {{<hl>}}Pandas{{</hl>}}

## Program overview

The demand for skilled data science practitioners is rapidly growing. Now, with generative AI languge models, you can go much farther, much faster.
## Courses in this program
- Creating intelligent queries in GPT-4
- Writing all new materials in Swahili, English, French, Pokot, Nandi, and Marakwet

{{< list_children >}}

## Meet your instructor

{{< mention "admin" >}}

## FAQs

{{< spoiler text="Are there prerequisites?" >}}
There are no prerequisites for the first course.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< spoiler text="How often do the courses run?" >}}
Continuously, at your own pace.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< cta cta_text="Begin the course" cta_link="python" >}}

{{ toc }}

Commit message:

small fixes; added Nilotic languages

content/Tutorial/Rebuild-TLPF/_index.md, after:

---
title: 📊 Course 1- Data Science and Generative AI
linkTitle: Data Science
summary: "ChatGPT has ushered in a new world. We will use these tools to make Kapenguria a center of Kenyan innovation"
date: '2021-01-24'
type: book
toc: true
---

{{< figure src="featured.jpg" >}}

{{< toc hide_on="xl" >}}

## What you will learn
- How to use GPT-4, ChatGPT, and the new large language models to recreate education and engineering
- How the old curriculum for IT and computing is completely out of date; how you can use GPT-4 to program for you
- Fundamental {{<hl>}}Python programming skills{{</hl>}}
- {{<hl>}}Statistical concepts{{</hl>}} and how to apply them in practice
- Gain experience with the {{<hl>}}Scikit{{</hl>}}, including data visualization with {{<hl>}}Plotly{{</hl>}} and data wrangling with {{<hl>}}Pandas{{</hl>}}

## Program overview

The demand for skilled data science practitioners is rapidly growing. Now, with generative AI language models, you can go much farther, much faster.
## Courses in this program
- Creating intelligent queries in GPT-4
- Writing new materials in Swahili, English, French, Pokot, Nandi, and Marakwet
- Building language models for Pokot, Nandi, Karamajong, Marakwet, Turkana and other languages of the nomadic communities served by TLPF
    - Cushitic languages
      - Somali, Orma, Gabbra, Rendille
    - Nilotic languages
        - Luo, Dholuo,
        - Pokot, Nandi, Terik, Kipsigis, Keiyo, Elgeyo, Tugen, Maa, Okiek, Sabaot
        - Turkana, Maa, Marakwet
    - Bantu languages
        - Swahili, Kikamba, Gikuyu, Meru, Chuka, Kiembu, Luhya, Kisii, Kuria
    


{{< list_children >}}

## Meet your instructor

{{< mention "admin" >}}

## FAQs

{{< spoiler text="Are there prerequisites?" >}}
There are no prerequisites for the first course.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< spoiler text="How often do the courses run?" >}}
Continuously, at your own pace.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< cta cta_text="Begin the course" cta_link="python" >}}

{{ toc }}
